docs/source/overview/install.rst, before:

Installation and Setup
======================

The ``snat_sim`` package is not available via a package manager, but can
be installed directly from the project's source code. Please follow the
steps outlined below to install and configure the package.

Downloading the Source
----------------------

Source code for this project is available on
`GitHub <https://github.com/LSSTDESC/SN-PWV>`_ and can be downloaded directly
from the GitHub repository page or by using the ``git`` command line utility:

.. code-block:: bash

   git clone  --depth=1 --branch=master https://github.com/LSSTDESC/SN-PWV.git SN-PWV
   rm -rf ./SN-PWV/.git

Project dependencies are listed in the ``requirements.txt`` file included with
the source code. Dependencies can be installed using ``pip``:

.. code-block:: bash

   pip install -r SN-PWV/requirements.txt


Downloading Light-Curve Sims
----------------------------

.. important:: Not all parts of this project require existing light-curve
   simulations. The complete data set takes up several hundred GB of storage.
   To avoid future headaches, please ensure you actually need this data and
   don't already have it available in your working environment.

Simulated light-curve data is hosted on `Zenodo <https://zenodo.org/>` and can be downloaded using
the ``wget`` command. URL's for various subsets of the data is listed are
listed in  ``file_list.txt`` and can be downloaded as shown below.
For convenience, the  ``timeout`` and ``tries`` arguments can be used to
indefinitely retry a failed download and the  ``continue`` flag can be
included to avoid restarting a failed download from scratch.

.. code-block:: bash

   wget --continue --timeout 0 --tries 0 -i data/plasticc/file_list.txt -P /desired/output/directory/

If you have difficulty downloading all the data at once, or if you don't
need the entire data set, try individually downloading the files listed
in ``file_list.txt`` . The downloaded files will be nested, compressed
files using a mix of the ``.gz`` and ``.tar.gz`` compression formats.
You can decompress them using the following commands:

.. code-block:: bash

   tar -xvzf [FILE TO DECOMPRESS].tar.gz --verbose
   gunzip [FILE TO DECOMPRESS]/*/*.gz --verbose

Configuring Your Environment
----------------------------

The path of the downloaded data needs to be specified in the project
environment so that the software knows where to find the simulated
light-curves.

.. code-block:: bash

   export CADENCE_SIMS="[DESIRED DATA DIRECTORY]"

If you are using a ``conda`` environment, this can be accomplished by
specifying the desired data directory as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

   # Instantiate the new environment
   conda activate [ENV-NAME]
   
   # Go to the environment's home directory
   cd $CONDA_PREFIX
   
   # Create files to run on startup and exit
   mkdir -p ./etc/conda/activate.d
   mkdir -p ./etc/conda/deactivate.d
   touch ./etc/conda/activate.d/env_vars.sh
   touch ./etc/conda/deactivate.d/env_vars.sh
   
   # Add environmental variables
   echo 'export CADENCE_SIMS="[DESIRED DATA DIRECTORY]"' >> ./etc/conda/activate.d/env_vars.sh
   echo 'unset CADENCE_SIMS' >> ./etc/conda/deactivate.d/env_vars.sh
   
   # Finally, don't forget to exit your environment
   conda deactivate

Commit message:

Add additional SN properties to fitting pipeline output file (#72)

docs/source/overview/install.rst, after:

Installation and Setup
======================

The ``snat_sim`` package is not available via a package manager, but can
be installed directly from the project's source code. Please follow the
steps outlined below to install and configure the package.

Downloading the Source
----------------------

Source code for this project is available on
`GitHub <https://github.com/LSSTDESC/SN-PWV>`_ and can be downloaded directly
from the GitHub repository page or by using the ``git`` command line utility:

.. code-block:: bash

   git clone  --depth=1 --branch=master https://github.com/LSSTDESC/SN-PWV.git SN-PWV
   rm -rf ./SN-PWV/.git

The package can then be installed into your working environment manually, or
using ``pip``:

.. code-block:: bash

   cd SN-PWV
   pip install .

If you want to run the package's test suite, you will also need to install
the test suite dependencies:

.. code-block:: bash

   cd SN-PWV
   pip install .[tests]


Downloading Light-Curve Sims
----------------------------

.. important:: Not all parts of this project require existing light-curve
   simulations. The complete data set takes up several hundred GB of storage.
   To avoid future headaches, please ensure you actually need this data and
   don't already have it available in your working environment.

Simulated light-curve data is hosted on `Zenodo <https://zenodo.org/>` and can be downloaded using
the ``wget`` command. URL's for various subsets of the data is listed are
listed in  ``file_list.txt`` and can be downloaded as shown below.
For convenience, the  ``timeout`` and ``tries`` arguments can be used to
indefinitely retry a failed download and the  ``continue`` flag can be
included to avoid restarting a failed download from scratch.

.. code-block:: bash

   wget --continue --timeout 0 --tries 0 -i data/plasticc/file_list.txt -P /desired/output/directory/

If you have difficulty downloading all the data at once, or if you don't
need the entire data set, try individually downloading the files listed
in ``file_list.txt`` . The downloaded files will be nested, compressed
files using a mix of the ``.gz`` and ``.tar.gz`` compression formats.
You can decompress them using the following commands:

.. code-block:: bash

   tar -xvzf [FILE TO DECOMPRESS].tar.gz --verbose
   gunzip [FILE TO DECOMPRESS]/*/*.gz --verbose

Configuring Your Environment
----------------------------

The path of the downloaded data needs to be specified in the project
environment so that the software knows where to find the simulated
light-curves.

.. code-block:: bash

   export CADENCE_SIMS="[DESIRED DATA DIRECTORY]"

If you are using a ``conda`` environment, this can be accomplished by
specifying the desired data directory as follows:

.. code-block:: bash

   # Instantiate the new environment
   conda activate [ENV-NAME]
   
   # Go to the environment's home directory
   cd $CONDA_PREFIX
   
   # Create files to run on startup and exit
   mkdir -p ./etc/conda/activate.d
   mkdir -p ./etc/conda/deactivate.d
   touch ./etc/conda/activate.d/env_vars.sh
   touch ./etc/conda/deactivate.d/env_vars.sh
   
   # Add environmental variables
   echo 'export CADENCE_SIMS="[DESIRED DATA DIRECTORY]"' >> ./etc/conda/activate.d/env_vars.sh
   echo 'unset CADENCE_SIMS' >> ./etc/conda/deactivate.d/env_vars.sh
   
   # Finally, don't forget to exit your environment
   conda deactivate
